[Music]
myself such tan I'm vice president for
health agency so we take care of Health
Products so recently we talked about the
Elevate product that we have launched so
there are the four major features about
the product that I will again brief you
so infinite care was one where in the
customer can take and x amount of n
number of amount of claim in his once
once in his lifetime then was a power
booster can where in his policy actually
uh gets doubled every year so if you buy
a 10 lakh policy it becomes 20 lakhs the
next year this is again an on cover next
10 years a 10 lak policy will become a
one CR policy and so on and so forth
right thir was the jump start that we
talked about where in a customer if he
has a ped so he can get the cover from
31st day as in the normal policy if you
see PD has different different uh
somebody covers it in two years some
covers it in three years with jump start
it gets covered in 31st day only then
there was unlimited some insured uh
add-on feature that we had where a
customer can buy unlimited some insur
the policy so these are the major
features that we have in our product
apart from these features we have some
18 add-on covers that a customer can buy
depending upon his needs so we had
brought in a modular CHC product right
wherein if a customer needs some of the
other addon he can pick and choose and
he can p the premium and get his policy
done now it's totally dependent on the
customer see again this product is again
based on AI that we talked about so
we'll actually give customer an added
Advantage we'll recommend him a plan
this is the best suited plan for that
particular customer so if depending upon
the demography depending upon his family
size depending upon what age he's into
right depending upon his income
everything so we'll curate a plan for
him and we will recommend a plan to that
customer so these are the major features
that we have launched in this product if
you see today India as a country we are
only we have only 5% penetration in
health insurance space so we want to
goow we are already number one in all
other segments we want to be number one
in health space as
well the market sh what so q1 if I talk
about uh is 2.9% market share in health
space and overall health this is retail
health I'm talking about 2.9% and
overall health space if we see uh taking
into compres the group business as well
so we are at 11.4% and see we as an
organization want to be at the top